Totoro story sketch:

*0. you are in that motorcycle and can see the environment and get to the house

1. your family just moved out to a new house
	1.1. explore the house and garden (small movement and controls tutorial) [mission: collect N Susuwatari scattered around]
	
2. after checking all the Susuwatari your hands got dirty with coaldust
	2.1. get to the outside pump to wash them

3. you need to get back to the pump and fill some buckets with water for washing the clothes

4. then put the clothes to dry on the drying rack found in the back of the house

5. your bigger sister needs to go to school so you (playing as Mei) will plant some seeds given by your father in the garden

6. after planting them you see a small totoro so you try to catch him but he's running from you

7. you end up following him in the bushes and end up falling through a giant tree

8. there you can see the giant Totoro and try to wake him up but end up falling asleep

9. as Satsuki (the older sister) you return from school but you can't find Mei [mission find Mei with your father] you can see her hat
and find her in the bushes sleeping

10. when she wakes up she tells you and your father about a big monster (Totoro), [*maybe we implement a drawing system so as a mission
try to draw Totoro and show them what he looks like]

*11. them you as Mei with Satuski and your father go to the tree temple but you can see that tree entry (it's blocked)

12. after returning home you need to water your seeds [mission: water the seeds that you planted]

13. it's getting dark outside so you go to sleep

14. as Satsuki you wake up in the middle of the night and see the Totoros dancing in the garden so you wake Mei up and go dance with
them too (interactive: try to do their movement)

15. from the seeds that Mei planted grows a giant tree and then you wake up (it was a dream)

16. but when you go to the garden you can see that the seeds germinated (small plants grow from the seeds) and get excited with Mei about that

the end :D